good-day multiplayer shooters are a dime
perhaps even 20 cents a dozen these days
so finding one that differs from the
norm is somewhat difficult
now if multiplayer shooters are a dime a
dozen
then the zombie shooter is probably a
dime a hundred really zombies have
unfortunately been done to death
pun intended killing four however
thankfully offers an experience that is
somewhat different from both multiplayer
shooters and zombie shooters as well
killing floor is a first-person survival
for wave shooter essentially killing
four has one game type where and you
fight waves and waves of genetically
engineered monsters ranging from the
basic clot to the hard to kill scrape
now this may seem basic but believe me
shooting things in this game is anything
but for one you're probably wondering
just where the targeting reticle is
there is none the guns all behave pretty
much like real guns do also the enemies
all do a good amount of damage and you
can die very fast also as you complete
more and more waves more and more
enemies spawn also as new players enter
your game the enemy count goes up to
compensate and when faced with this many
enemies you suddenly don't feel like the
ten-foot badass you thought you were
when you first start the game you have
to pick a perk and they all have
different effects and they all give
different buffs to different weapon
types after every round the trader opens
up and she will sell you guns
you can also buy in addition to weapons
combat armor which you must do otherwise
you will die clinging killing for
requires a great deal of teamwork and a
sound strategy to survive if you just
run a gun you will die
sometimes that's the great thing about
this game
no one strategy works all the time you
just have to really play it by ear at
times you can trigger a bullet time like
effect that can be both a help and a
hinderence depending on the situation
now at the end of every map you will
have to fight the boss known as the
patriarch and in addition to having a
rocket launcher and chain gun he can
also turn invisible if you hurt him
enough believe me there is nothing more
annoying than getting killed by him in
the end
if you haven't tried killing for get it
you will become addicted and you will be
playing this at 4:00 in the morning when
you have to work the next day and so
this is Jon wishing you good Red
Orchestra good Siri Sam or whatever
makes you happy